# AML Profiling Scripts

This repository contains a set of scripts that facilitate running Azure Machine Learning (AML) jobs, parsing the logs generated by those jobs, and generating Excel reports based on the parsed data.

## Features

- Run AML jobs: Execute AML jobs using the provided scripts to streamline your machine learning workflow.
- Log Parsing: Automatically extract and process relevant information from the job logs for further analysis.
- Excel Report Generation: Generate comprehensive Excel reports based on the parsed data, providing valuable insights and metrics.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

Before using the scripts, ensure you have the following prerequisites installed:

- Python 3
- Azure CLI 
- Required Python packages (specified in the `requirements.txt` file)

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```shell
   git clone https://github.com/adamlouly/aml_profiling.git
2. Navigate to the repository:
   ```shell
   cd aml_profiling
3. Install the required Python packages:
   ```shell
   pip install -r requirements.txt

### Usage
1. Modify the configuration file (config.yaml) according to your specific AML setup and requirements.

2. Run the AML job using the provided script:
   ```shell
   python run.py

if you want to run deepspeed add --deepspeed flag
A file will get generated called run_details_.csv

It will contain the run details such as expirement name, model name and run id.


3. After the job completes, use the log parsing script to extract relevant information:
   ```shell
   python parse.py run_details_.csv

An excel file will get generated wuith 2 sheets on it.

### Contributing
Contributions are welcome! If you encounter any issues, have suggestions, or would like to add new features, please open an issue or submit a pull request.



